[Doc] Fix tutorial about sanitizing empty values (#8156)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/SimpleForm.md

);
```

## Cleaning Up Empty Strings

As a reminder, HTML form inputs always return strings, even for numbers and booleans. So the empty value for a text input is the empty string, not `null` or `undefined`. This means that the data sent to the form handler will contain empty strings:

```js
{
    title: '',
    average_note: '',
    body: '',
    // etc.
}
```

If you prefer to have `null` values, or to omit the key for empty values, use `transform` prop of the parent component ([`<Edit>`](./Edit.md#transform) or [`<Create>`](./Create.md#transform)) to sanitize the form data before passing it to the `dataProvider`:

```jsx
export const UserEdit = (props) => {
    const transform = (data) => {
        const sanitizedData = {};
        for (const key in data) {
            if (typeof data[key] === "string" && data[key].trim().length === 0) continue;
            sanitizedData[key] = data[key]; 
        }
        return sanitizedData;
    };
    return (
        <Edit {...props} transform={transform}>
            <SimpleForm>
                ...
            </SimpleForm>
        </Edit>
    );
}
```

> As an alternative, you can cleanup empty values at the input level, using [the `parse` prop](./Inputs.md#transforming-input-value-tofrom-record). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can clean up empty values at the input level, using [the `parse` prop](./Inputs.md#transforming-input-value-tofrom-record).
```
